she changed the position of her toy it
was too far out she's to bring it in a
little bit
you got to go again Bob what else you
think you would I am too if whatever you
think you know to be honest kid it's
probably one thing I would do I'd
probably do either one bark out that
blinder one load of the blind and call
it good yeah honestly I probably want to
do any protection between now and
Saturday
oh maybe do if you come Tuesday all
right you have something available just
maybe load that blind give him get one
grip call it good I mean it's got a real
it's really fresh in his brain you don't
want to take a chance yet a little
difficulty you turn that you still walk
towards a blind today it's okay
read my mind
I wonder where you learned this from
oh come on come on you're gonna come to
you so face them a little bit call them
to you and then send them to the blind
see if he does it now go back so front
here say yes
Oh Joe Joe Joe here we go nice timing
excellent I just picture bending over
and the dogs spinning or all right yeah
I know oh yeah another thing you're
gonna take credit for when you leave it
I did that with my dog yeah thanks I'm
trademarking that actually got that for
my deal he put some balls in each blind
yeah the dog brother by and he comes up
you know it's too strong that's not that
that's too strong you see them drop it
good take your time take your time tell
them sit and stay
now walk again halfway to the blind she
should say here and then search because
that's what she's gonna do on six blinds
right not come not search here search
search and then down on when he goes
around damn odd no grab your tongue call
it up front here sit that's it there you
go